Are having a little I am everyone Hello, my name is Takashi today of that recommended for everyone
And we should try to introduce one person
I think the name of the app is i play walk
It is to say whether the application is any app called
It is an application that will read the text in voice sound
that
In ne ne speed is Toka intonation is not just us simply read aloud just
And
It is Toka or wait for how much to art after point
It is an application that can set such things in detail
It's a little actually because it contains a sample
It is run Meros
It is Meros
I'll budget and the wonder if I'll have that reading aloud It's a little
I have done
Yes So you have a little Hashire Melos Pochitsu
Yes text was read 8 settings are made from the button of that person and height and so on
Toka Toka accent killing of Toka volume
It 's a feeling of saving at all Kent's man
You can specify in detail
Run Meros
Osamu Dazai
Got angry
It was decided that he had to exclude the king of evil wisdom and brutality by all means
car
The next time I do n't understand the numbers
Please read the article in appbank
Let's check what kind of feeling will read it out
Today is a wound
First two dimensions
Aps to introduce the 18 especially prohibited
Atto has sold and heal the pc mail Riakiba Moe's character shop Anjin
Is intrigued enough is also a little disappointing, but in it is not is seen a place of illustrations
There is a lot of illustrations and Mufufu villa
It is a feeling that that day of the day that you can get off normally
Excuse me
Yes it will read it out very meaningful
I think that it is good to a certain application or rather become
Free